Update all the documentation with the new name of CTA : CTAO (#5462)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/user-guide/references.rst

    GTI
      Short for "good time interval": it indicates a continuous time interval of data

>       acquisition. In H.E.S.S., it also represents a time interval in which the IRFs are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      acquisition. In GADF DL3 data, it frequently represents a time interval in which the IRFs are
```

      object, the type of plot (e.g. :math:`dN/dE`, :math:`E^2\ dN/dE`) is typically adjusted
      through the `sed_type` quantity. See :ref:`sedtypes` for a list of options.

>     STI

Reviewer: Do we want to introduce now, before we discuss this anywhere in the docs?
